# TaskList

**STATUS: Seems to be working as intended on Chrome (Desktop and Mobile) and Firefox (Desktop). Hasn't been tested on other browsers**

A simple task list made in HTML. All of the code is embedded into the HTML, so all that is need is the single file and can work offline.

The base HTML contains a *Save* and *Load* button, and an initial Task.

Click the task's name to rename it.

The [x] button (or pressing Ctrl+Space) will remove the task. If it has subtasks, you will be asked to confirm. The initial task cannot be removed.

The [+] button (or pressing Space) will create a new task under the current one, and will prompt you to give it a name. You can ignore this and name it later.

The [▲] button (or pressing Left) will hide all the subtasks of the current one. When the subtasks are hidden, the button will change to [▼], and pressing it (or pressing Right) will instead show all its subtasks. A task with no subtasks will have its Collapse/Expand button disabled.

Additionally, there are other keyboard shortcuts. The "*current*" task will be highlighted in blue, and you can change the *current* task with the Up and Down arrows. Press [H] to see all available shortcuts.

The *Save* button on the top will prompt you with a filename. A TXT file will be downloaded and saved with the given name.
The *Load* button will prompt with a file upload, which must be a TXT file generated by tasklist.html, or one that follows its specific format:
```
L;S;N
!;D
```
where ```L``` is the task *level* (0 is the root task, 1 would be a direct subtask of it, and so on); ```S``` is either ```-``` or ```X```, whether it is *unchecked* or *checked*, respectively; ```N``` is the task's *name*, which can be any string; and ```D``` is the task's description, which can be any string.
This pair of lines fully describes a task, and a tasklist file is made of any number of this pair of lines.
The level of any task cannot be more than 1 higher than the one immediately previous.
